Welcome back to Boulder. It's a show about everything local from the farm to the table. I'm CUSTOM VOCABULARY REPLACED JEFF STEEN now the last couple of episodes we focused on to Boulder culinary icon Black cat kitchen and she talked with dining hall. Now both have deep roots in the Boulder community, which is why this episode, we wanted to feature something a little bit newer, Fresh times eatery. The first time, it's only been open for two years since 2000 and 13 and while they have the same farm to table ethos with black cat taco dining hall, there's something else going on here. It has to do with holistic wellness. There's also an interesting back story, but that's probably best told by owner Christine route. So let's go inside and get a little bit of that history and head to the kitchen where we'll make a delicious pasta operating okay, Christine, thanks for having us today to tell us a little bit about concept as far as it being a farm to table restaurant, but also one that has a strong promotion for holistic wellness. I was a culinary instructor for Bowman College, I'm a holistic natural chef and so that means that anything that I create is done with health in mind. And I talked for a long time and I had a private clients and then I also would work with alternative care practitioners naturopaths, acupuncturists um, and nutritionists and I would help people transition their diets after health diagnosis, um, or people transition their diets if they were like athletes. Um, and I did that for a long time. I did that for about six years and realized that there was really a need for people to have the kind of food that I was endorsing and that people are purchasing and whole foods and natural grocers and stuff like that. Um, for them to have a place to go eat like that outside of you also have a very interesting personal history that sort of contributed to the concept. Tell us a little about that. In 2006 I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and uh, it was just a really great opportunity for me to sort of merged two parts of my life. Um, one was very geared towards health and the other that was very good towards food and so, um, and then I was also diagnosed with celiac disease and having those two diagnoses really changed the way I looked at food and health and flavor and everything like that. You also partnered with a lot of local farms and markets for the ingredients here. What are some of those that you're working with currently? Yeah, well we've partnered with a lot of the farms that um, lots of other restaurants partner with and it's super fun to just have them walk in bob Munson, just walked in the other day with big bag full of spinach and his lettuce and in the middle of a busy lunch and he's like Stephan spinach in my mouth telling me like here trying to finish every day. We've been open a year and a half. 